docs/test/basic.md, before:

# Tests: Basic

This page is meant for me to test, how some edge cases are handled.

<style>
    /* For for debugging the layout  */
    .badge-group {
        border: 1px solid red;
    }
</style>


## Badge types without properties

|normal 1|test|
L|link 1|https://example.com|
C|copy 1|Text to copy|
I|pypi|mkdocs|

## Properties

|with properties 1|test|c:text to copy|l:https://example.com|.html-class|class:html-class2|

## Layout (overflow) tests

Singel tag:
|This text is very long. This text is even longer.|This value is the longest test value on this page at this time|

Long list of tags:
|aaaaa|bbbbb|
|ccccc|ddddd|
|eeeee|fffff|
|ggggg|hhhhh|
|iiiii|jjjjj|
|kkkkk|lllll|
|mmmmm|nnnnn|
|ooooo|ppppp|
|qqqqq|rrrrr|
|sssss|ttttt|
|uuuuu|vvvvv|
|wwwww|xxxxx|
|yyyyy|zzzzz|
|aaaaa|bbbbb|
|ccccc|ddddd|
|eeeee|fffff|
|g|hhhhhh|
|iiiii|jjjjj|

Overlong element in long list:
|aaaaa|bbbbb|
|This text is very long. This text is even longer.|This value is the longest test value on this page at this time|
|ccccc|ddddd|
|eeeee|fffff|
|ggggg|hhhhh|


## special cases

|emoji badge, should work|👍|
|image too big|<img src="/assets/img/test.png">|
|image small|<img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|
|<img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|<img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|
|<svg width="35" height="35"><circle cx="10" cy="10" r="9" stroke="green" stroke-width="2" fill="yellow" /></svg>|SVG as key (see issue #2)|
|circle|<svg width="15" height="15"><circle cx="7" cy="7" r="7" stroke="green" stroke-width="2" fill="yellow" /></svg>|
|Very large image|<svg width="100" height="100"><circle cx="50" cy="50" r="48" stroke="red" stroke-width="2" fill="orange" /></svg>|




|text contains a backslash and a \| pipe symbol|value|
|text contains two backslashes and a \\| pipe symbol|
|text contains three backslashes and a \\\| pipe symbol|value|
|text contains four backslashes and a \\\\| pipe symbol|
|text contains \*escaped\* \`code\` \[link\](http://example.com) markup \| pipe symbol|

### Tables

Since this format matches the markdown tables format, I need to make sure that no header comes before any of my values

|Markdown|Table|
|---|---|
|table rows|should not be parsed|
table row without outer pipes|should not be parsed

|not part of the table|should be parsed|

But badges in tables should be allowed

|Markdown|Table||
|---|---|---|
|table cells| L^Should be parsed^https://example.com^ |test|
|^test 1^should be parsed^| ^test 2^should be parsed^ |^test 3^should be parsed^|
|^should^be \| parsed^ | ^\\Test\^a^\|123^ | L^Should not be parsed^https://example.com^a ||



### Reflink badges

R|reflink badge|example_ref|

|normal badge with reflink|should work|r:example_ref|

[example_ref]: https://www.example.com


### Tag badges

T|tag|value|
T|special!%#|chars__in.value*()|


### Single element badges

S|Reference link||reflink:example_ref|

S||This is a <img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|

Commit message:

Added test case for custom table separator

docs/test/basic.md, after:

# Tests: Basic

This page is meant for me to test, how some edge cases are handled.

<style>
    /* For for debugging the layout  */
    .badge-group {
        border: 1px solid red;
    }
</style>


## Badge types without properties

|normal 1|test|
L|link 1|https://example.com|
C|copy 1|Text to copy|
I|pypi|mkdocs|

## Properties

|with properties 1|test|c:text to copy|l:https://example.com|.html-class|class:html-class2|

## Layout (overflow) tests

Singel tag:
|This text is very long. This text is even longer.|This value is the longest test value on this page at this time|

Long list of tags:
|aaaaa|bbbbb|
|ccccc|ddddd|
|eeeee|fffff|
|ggggg|hhhhh|
|iiiii|jjjjj|
|kkkkk|lllll|
|mmmmm|nnnnn|
|ooooo|ppppp|
|qqqqq|rrrrr|
|sssss|ttttt|
|uuuuu|vvvvv|
|wwwww|xxxxx|
|yyyyy|zzzzz|
|aaaaa|bbbbb|
|ccccc|ddddd|
|eeeee|fffff|
|g|hhhhhh|
|iiiii|jjjjj|

Overlong element in long list:
|aaaaa|bbbbb|
|This text is very long. This text is even longer.|This value is the longest test value on this page at this time|
|ccccc|ddddd|
|eeeee|fffff|
|ggggg|hhhhh|


## special cases

|emoji badge, should work|👍|
|image too big|<img src="/assets/img/test.png">|
|image small|<img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|
|<img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|<img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|
|<svg width="35" height="35"><circle cx="10" cy="10" r="9" stroke="green" stroke-width="2" fill="yellow" /></svg>|SVG as key (see issue #2)|
|circle|<svg width="15" height="15"><circle cx="7" cy="7" r="7" stroke="green" stroke-width="2" fill="yellow" /></svg>|
|Very large image|<svg width="100" height="100"><circle cx="50" cy="50" r="48" stroke="red" stroke-width="2" fill="orange" /></svg>|




|text contains a backslash and a \| pipe symbol|value|
|text contains two backslashes and a \\| pipe symbol|
|text contains three backslashes and a \\\| pipe symbol|value|
|text contains four backslashes and a \\\\| pipe symbol|
|text contains \*escaped\* \`code\` \[link\](http://example.com) markup \| pipe symbol|

### Tables

Since this format matches the markdown tables format, I need to make sure that no header comes before any of my values

|Markdown|Table|
|---|---|
|table rows|should not be parsed|
table row without outer pipes|should not be parsed

|not part of the table|should be parsed|

But badges in tables should be allowed

|Markdown|Table||
|---|---|---|
|table cells| L^Should be parsed^https://example.com^ |test|
|^test 1^should be parsed^| ^test 2^should be parsed^ |^test 3^should be parsed^|
|^should^be \| parsed^ | ^\\Test\^a^\|123^ | L^Should not be parsed^https://example.com^a ||

^outside of a table^this should not be parsed^


### Reflink badges

R|reflink badge|example_ref|

|normal badge with reflink|should work|r:example_ref|

[example_ref]: https://www.example.com


### Tag badges

T|tag|value|
T|special!%#|chars__in.value*()|


### Single element badges

S|Reference link||reflink:example_ref|

S||This is a <img src="/assets/img/test.png" width=50 height=15>|
